Hi, I'm Hiroshan, I'm from University of Sydney. So as the previous speaker has already set the ground for YR matters, I will want to my next flight. So deep learning has been previously dominating human activity recognition with CNN models, RNN models and transformers. 
 And some limitations with leap learning is that it has, we have to do costly and time consuming training procedures, which are which we have to go through rigorous training. And this has to be tailored to each and every data set. So this is not generalizable. 
 And also there's performance degraded degradation with under domain shifts and also if you want to add a new activity to your recognition system, then you will have to take out the model again and find tune it and then or you can target impact. So these are the limitations which lead us to necessity for training free, generalizable, and scalable art framework. So before we are moving to such a framework, we'll 1st analyze on how these days, LNS, with the emergence capabilities, how do they perform with human activities? 
 So we use ChatGPT to further explore with some data on the permanent 2 data set, with extra or meter data, wireless of data, and the metro-termeter data. So case one is tribe with a person standing and we 1st prompt the ChatGPT to classify between 6 different activities. And we give the sensor signals for the person standing. 
 And this by looking at this data provided, creativity gives you the correct prediction here as standing still. And the reason it gives that it has broken down the problem into sensor levels and it has calculated some statistical features for each sensor and based on those features, it has related some of use possibilities and come up to the final answer. Next, we try some more dynamic activity, like person is jogging. 
 And again, we go through the same floor, we do the same prompt, and we give the sensor signals for the person jogging. So here when the ChatGPT gives an incorrect prediction of Rani. The reason it gives is similar to the previous one, the reasoning is similar, but the problem here is that it lacks contextual information. 
 So he does not know how a person, uh, he does not know how a person would uh, run a walk a joke, a joke. So these kind of distinctions, subtle distinction, it does not know. So it needs some contextual information. 
 So he was able to do distinct motion signatures, but it did not, it changed on fine grain distinction between dynamic activities. So, when the 1st is down, what are the capabilities that LLMs bringing to heart and what it needs to enrich heart. So the NM capabilities that it has a broad knowledge of human activities and sensors.
  We did not have to explain what each human activities and how the body movements correlate with the sensor signals in the previous video. So all those knowledge are already embedded in LLM, LLMS already lived that. And there is a strong reasoning everybody. 
 So it has, so in the previous video, it breaks down the problem into sensor level and for each sensor, it calculates the statistical features and based on that, it makes its reasoning. So also it has pattern matching ability, which is uh, so it has already learnt on previous uh, on large number of data sets, uh, with different class, with different domains. So giving just small amount of examples is sufficient for it to pattern matching and do some similar kind of racket recognition. 
 And The challenges of using LLMs with R is that it needs contextual information. And in this domain that what we have is IMU data, each data has around like multiple channels, more than 10 channels and each V2 will have like for each channel you have around 500 times serious values. So that's quite large and giving product for information from context for example, for each and every activity, we'll just overkit the context window. 
 So how do we represent these sensor data in the LLM input without going growing over the context window size and also without going into the tokenization issues. And also how do we prompt this model to get the best performance and how do we make a generalizable, much more scalable framework. So to answer these questions. 
 So we have our framework. So instead of the traditional deep learning in the train pipeline, we have the indexing pipeline here. So here, instead of the trains set, we call it the indexing set here, and we do the pre-processing and we create the embeddings and we do the vector data-based indexing equity into a vector database. The idea is that we don't want to tamper the large language model because it already brings in great amount of capabilities into half. So we just give it a non-age base that can that it can use to do half better. So that's the idea of using the indexing pipeline to create the knowledge space for LLM to work on. 
 And as for the test pipeline, we have a test set, we do the same pay processing and we create the embeddings and we do vector search on the vector DE and get the relevant context examples and create the prompt and provide you for the LLF for reasoning and we get the FAD. So we'll dig deep into these architecture further for each block. So we have a hard data person is running here, so he has a smartwatch and it has around 9 channels. 
 So we take one of these channel and 1st we do data free processing, we do the normalization. And then we do sliding windowing. And then for each window.  We have we do further partitioning. So we create 4 portions, that is the full window, the star segment of the window, which segment and the segment. The idea is that we want to capture the global features, and the local features as well, and how they, how transition happens between these local features. 
 And for each partition, for each partition, we create some statistics. So here we have like around 7 statistics with basic ones like me, media, mini Max, those kind of stuff, we have 7 statistical features. We repeat this process for each and every channel. 
 And then we create a text from template for each partition. So here for each partition, we have multiple channels, and for each channel, we calculate statistical features. So the text from template corresponds to one partition, so we have 4 text from templates. 
 So here we have listed out the statistical feature values against the feature names. So now this is more relevant to text modality, more than the larger time series value which we had earlier. So we use the open AIs to extend bidding model, which is already pre-train our last purpose of data, to explain bidding data. We create 4 vector embeddings. So E one for each text prompted. So these 4 embeddings are for each partition. 
 So we do index is data in the vector database and for the test sample, also we go through the same process and we get 4 vectors and for each vector, we retrieve the top samples for each vector, with approximate nearest neighbor search. And then we give a weight to each and every vector and we do a reranking again and we get the top few samples. And this will serve as the contextual information for the LLM now.  So we extract the features and the labels for these contextual information and we have the statistical features of the test sample. So we give these 2 LLM and we create the prompt and it predicts the activity. So here with each block, we have solves different problems. 
 We have create templates blocked, we have solved how to prepare the sensor data for the LLM and how to fix to the fentex pinto size and not run into the top organization issues. And this is also much more generalizable as available framework with because of the vector database indexing as the multi-vector search. We don't have to temper the model anymore. 
 We have a vehicle database that can be personalized for each user, each device. Uh, with the multivacor search. You can pick on the right context that is needed for these LS. 
 And scalable because you want to find, if you want to add a new activity to your recognition system, you just have to add new samples to the vector database here. And also we show how to prompt and give the activity context. And as 1st optimization techniques in a basic car version, we have identify 2 key stages, retrieval stage, and the generation stage. 
 So the retrival stage is where you get the contextual information for the NLM. So the key aspect for this is better embeddings. So to create better embeddings. 
 Right now we are using a text embering model. So we want something even much more closer to textemary text modality. So we deploy another LLM calls using GPT 5, which will create a description of how the time series is. 
 So this system is going to, this will be a paragraph or a report where this will go into the acknowledged bill. And this will lead to a better retriever activity. But the problem, the downside here is with this optimization technique is that it's one more regular call added to the inference. 
 So which will uh, take more uh, add up to the cost and uh, latency. At the other technique, we have this for the generation stage. Generation stages where you instruct the ALM to get the better performance. 
 So finding the right instruction for your LLM is the, is a serious task. So even a small difference in your instruction, like you're missing a colon or something, that will lead to a drastic change is a final accuracy. So this has been previously proven. 
 So we to find the right instruction, we use this prompt optimization technique, which is based on an evolutionary algorithm based. Here we use the LNM itself to create more instructions and we give the accuracy as the scores for these as indicators and based on that LLMs will keep generating further better instructions. So we pick the right instruction after a couple of iterations. 
 And this is what you want, I think, for one particular sensor configuration. So you there's nothing added up in the inference. And as for the results, we do the same experiments that has been done previously, the papers from different ears, which has provided the sort of stage setup yard performance for different data sets here.  So, uh, for all the database, we beat the benchmark with the baseline uh, version and except for the USCHAD data set, where we uh, we take with the previous uh, with uh, optimized techniques, which I explained previously. So the most important thing here is that we achieve this without anything. And there is another new capability that has been on base because of our framework and LLM abilities, which is open set human activity recognition. 
 Traditional deep learning approaches. So they put all these multiple unknown activities into one large class for unknown. So you cannot give different labels and you cannot figure out what these activities are. 
 But LNM already has the ability to correlate the sensor signals with the body movements and it knows last number of human activities. So it can provide a semantic label based on the contextual information which we give to the LLF. So, for example, if we take if we say that we don't have walking samples in the training set, it's an unknown class, and if we have standing and running in our database, these will be retrieved at retrieved and given to the LLMS contextual information by looking at the statistical features for these 2 known classes like running and panning, it will reason out and see, okay, now there's statistical features for the new class.  In example, a new class is sitting is somewhere between these 2 unknown classes. So it could be something like walking. So it gives some semantic labels. 
 So here we have put the the 2 labels using the label with the cross mark and around that we have the labels that have already cut by the LLM. So the distance here is the semantic similarity difference between the predictor label as a true label. So, We have developed a training free generalizable, much more scalable framework, and we also have a demo happening today.
  You can visit us and learn more about our framework, and there's a code recovery to record available in our project page as well. And these are the references and thank you for having me here. Thank you for your great presentations or questions, please. 