Uh, you say your implementation is training free, but uh, if a new activity is to be introduced into your system, how much of a hustle or how much of a problem would you need to like regenerate all the, like, uh, training and everything, all the vectors? Did you have like an existing implementation to test it? So yeah, like other deep learning approach as well, we would need new data samples for the new activity and these data samples. 
It is goes through the same preprocessing and finding the statistical approaches. These are the 7 basic features. So that's pretty easy to figure out it won't take much of time. 
And we just have to put it into a text prompt template that is predefined. And that goes into the, we already have the embedding model, which is for text purposes from NLP, we borrowing from NLP. So that going into the weaker database is just the early one states there. with victorization.  
Hello, 1st of all, thank you very much for the nice presentation. I just had a quick question on, like, could you provide your intuition on how much data do you need for contest? Because I guess you, you have to give, like, some quantity of data.  Do you have some intuition? Yeah, so here in our work, we use like 10 samples. So it's kind of a utilization between the latency and accuracy.  So when you have more context samples, then you have more tokens which will leak which will take which LLM will have to take one type of process. So in that case, you it will take more time to give the 1st token. So for the utilization between the latency and the accuracy, it takes samples here.  Okay. And then the other question is more relative to... Um, I have just a question to you and to all people asking questions.  So maybe you could add your name and your affiliation with it. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm from the university.  And let me see if I remember the question. It was writing today to the statistical features that you mentioned for your latest, right? Like, um, the statistical nation, the statistical features that you mentioned, they were like very analystical features.  Did you find, like, any correlation between, let's say, the ground morality of activity and the features? But for example, you have like 2 classes that they are very close amount, let's say, at least. And if you have more information of, you have, rather down, at this great and better space, you have to continue somebody in the space, you will have something.  Yes, so these statistical features, as you mentioned, quality different data sets, different data sets, different set of activities, and it can be different steps may give better accuracy, but for more generalizable framework, right now we picked up the ones that will considering time changes, what will give the best deviation for the LLM for to figure out the classes and make its traditions. So as teacher, we also think of like how to give a dynamic approach of selecting this technical teacher, who could support. If one last question, there's one at the back.  Thank you for the nice presentation. I just had a few quick questions. Can you give maybe a small overview of LLM-based approaches that maybe people have used in the past before?  
Like, I'm curious to know like ablation related results? Like, is it the in context examples or the samples that you receive, what exactly kind of helps you beat some of these benchmarks? And I'm from the, you know, the University of Imagine and Sciences.  My name is, yeah, yeah, Poja. Thank you. Yes, so the other, he works with LLMs, but LLMs were previously used as similar to how deep learning other models were working.  They find QNI with the time series, rather than giving the context samples at the prompt. They find to it. So it's again going through the same deep learning approach.  And we we show that in the previous works, like there was a couple of works like LMS virtual annotators and RGPT. So these do not expand more to multiple sensor channels. So here in our data sets, which we choose here, we have this code, our data set, go to our data set, those are like more than 60 channels.  It has so these with these kind of things like with multiplass specification and all. The previous LLM work did not perform more than 60 to 70% with MF 2 MM health data sets. So, yeah, that's the work with the LLMs.  So this is the 1st work that is training free. So there's another work that's RGPT, but it's also again just giving the time series itself to the LLM directly. But again, we go through the problem as context window size and we don't have the contextual information and the accuracy was very low when we tested it on these last amount of data sets.  So it was around like 40%, 40, 50% of accuracy. It plays because it's the central channels are larger and also that the multi-class classification, it fails with the 5 grain distinction between the activities. Very good.  Thank you very much. So thank you for your great presentation for the good answers. After the presentation. 